Yeah, we have a large prompt and we are
going to pay for the prompt every time.
That's how GPT works.
It's part of the deal.
Okay, cool.
Let me just save that for
later uses just in case.
Okay, let's go back here.
So remember as you see there,
prompt is king here.
Everything is about the prompt.
Capabilities that you
can do with the prompt,
ask for summaries,
inferring things like ask for
the sentiment, for example,
or relevant data or tags.
So let me show you one example of that.
So, give me, so
with the sentence in triple quotes,
infer if the sentence is positive or
not, answering with the words or
with the letters P or N,
let's say, or negative, here,
without any other character.
And now I can pass a quote,
like '''I hate this course.''' So, Send.
N, negative.
'''I like this course,''' P.
So that's inferring, and you can use
that to check what the user is typing,
what the user is saying.
And even look at this, instead of that,
select or
pick one emotion related to the phrase.
Okay, so I like this course.
Let's see the emotion.
It's that one.
I hate this course.
That's emoji, by the way.
It rains outside.
That's emoji.
Can you see the emoji there?
So this is pretty good for
doing these things.
Right, so these are different ideas
that you can use with prompting.
And by the way,
this is probably one token.
So that's a cheap prompt,
at least in the answer.
Okay, so that's inferring, actually.
You can also transform data,
translations, format conversion.
Extract data, like you have a text and
try to extract the numbers or
the emails, or the amount of wherever
that you expect the text you have.
Create content, expand on the fact,
so you have a fact and
you can explain, well, write me an article
as if you are in the New York Times or
in the style of Jack Spear about blah and
blah.
Okay, so that's prompt engineering.